Add Bitnami upgrade warning (#3518)
pivotal/docs-tap: bitnami-services/about.hbs.md

for apps teams to consume, with no additional setup or configuration required from ops teams.
This makes it incredibly quick and easy to get started working with services on Tanzu Application Platform.

> >**Note** The Bitnami Services package provides unmanaged services and are not designed to support long lived instances, therefore there is no supported path to upgrade individual 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**Note** The Bitnami Services package provides unmanaged services that are not designed to support long lived instances, therefore there is no supported path to upgrade individual 
```

> instances. Bitnami Services are instantiated using the configuration and version of the Package at creation time and so an upgrade of the Package will have no effect on existing 

> > instances. Users familiar with Crossplane should not change the `compositionUpdatePolicy` to Automatic or alter the `compositionRevisionRef` version as there may be unintended side 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> instances. For users familiar with Crossplane, we advise against changing `compositionUpdatePolicy` and `compositionRevisionRef` on the individual XRs as there may be unintended side
```
